@(#)README	1.14 05/03/22

Sun Java(tm) System Message Queue Examples
------------------------------------------

This README file describes the different categories of 
Message Queue examples found in the directories listed below.


Directory     Description
---------     -----------
helloworld    Contains simple programs that show how
              a JMS client is created and deployed in 
	      Message Queue. These examples are closely 
	      tied to the tutorials in the documentation.

	      In addition to showing how to send and
	      receive messages, these examples also
              demonstrate all the steps necessary to 
	      create administered objects in Message Queue, 
	      as well as how to use JNDI in the client to lookup 
	      and use those administered objects.


jms           Contains sample programs that demonstrate the
              use of the JMS api with Message Queue.


C             Contains sample programs that demonstrate how to
              create C language clients that use the Message Queue 
	      C api. This directory is only installed with the
              Enterprise Edition of Message Queue.

              Note that on Solaris this category is found in
              /opt/SUNWimq/demo/C - which is a different
              from the location of the examples included
              with the Platform Edition of Message Queue.


jaxm          Contains sample programs that demonstrate how to
              use SOAP messages in conjunction with JMS in Message 
	      Queue.


applications  This directory contains sub directories, each
              with more elaborate sample applications, that
              can be used with Message Queue. 


monitoring    Contains sample programs that demonstrate how to
              use the JMS api for monitoring the broker.


imqobjmgr     Contains examples of imqobjmgr command files that
              demonstrate the basic features of the imqobjmgr
              tool.


jdbc          Contains configuration properties for various
              databases that can be plugged in for broker
              persistence.

jmx           Contains sample programs that demonstrate how to
	      use the broker JMX Management and Monitoring API.
